Hi, my love, how are you? I'm here today.
a tip for you that suffer applying the
red lipstick dark lipstick ends up
erasing all can not do the
outline I confess that
usually I apply with the ball of the
lipstick even applied straight into the mouth but
How do I know that there are still a lot of people
It's difficult, I came to see this
tip for you
So, to start, we'll delete the
Our mouth to trust more pepper
too much olive
I'm going to use a base that can use a
corrective you choose
after we have done that we comes
with pencil of that mark jasmine na pge
mouth even red and let's get around
everywhere and then will paint inside
also
now you will apply the lipstick and I chose
use the girl's revolution itself
red here I'll apply with
today's efficiency of lips and why
fills in with pencil because the lake
then finish is dry when applying
the lipstick will last much longer
another cool tip for the place button
will apply a little compact powder the
Translucent powder on the lips and then
apply the atom and to intensify more
still the lipstick will finish and apply with
the bullet
there is something else
if you want to highlight even more
you can work around it with
because he's kind of
brighten and highlight more
that you should not apply the
dark red lipstick that was the tip
to achieve the perfect and
stay with gum lips
if you have a side the little ones and want
increase them just start getting around
above the line on the lips
so if you like click click like
favorite a video and television on the channel
leave me trash here in the comments
also video that you want to see
here and follow the social networks in this
Morning robbed you on the deserved avon page on
Blog Archive
silva and access the blog
www.blogdolfg.com.br or the next one
video, a kiss, bye